Update version to 1.0.0 (#472)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.0.0 (02/12/2019)

**Common**

> * Added a new CMake flag `OLP_SDK_BOOST_THROW_EXCEPTION_EXTERNAL` for a case when SDK needs to compile without exceptions, and the user will provide a custom `boost::throw_exception` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New CMake flag `OLP_SDK_BOOST_THROW_EXCEPTION_EXTERNAL` introduced, to be used when SDK needs to compile without exceptions. The user needs to provide a custom `boost::throw_exception` function.
```

* `olp::client::HttpResponse` now holds a `std::stringstream` instead of `std::string`, this removes expensive copies.

> * CMake minimum version was changed to 3.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CMake minimum version increased to 3.9.
```

> * Method `cancel` in CancellationToken is deprecated in favor of a new `Cancel` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Method `cancel` in CancellationToken is deprecated in favor of the newly introduced `Cancel` method.
```

> * Network logs were improved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Network logs improved for all platforms.
```

* Various bug fixes and improvements.

> * Network limit was implemented for all platforms. When the limit reached `Send` method will return `NETWORK_OVERLOAD_ERROR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Network limit now implemented for all platforms. When the limit was reached `Network::Send` method will return `olp::http::ErrorCode::NETWORK_OVERLOAD_ERROR` and client users will receive `olp::client::ErrorCode::SlowDown` as a response.
```

> * Android network client can now be used when Java VM embedded in a native application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Android network client can now be used when Java VM is embedded in a native application.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

* `VersionedLayerClient` and `VolatileLayerClient` are now movable and non-copyable.

> * `TaskContext` and `PendingRequests` classed moved to core component, and are now public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `TaskContext` and `PendingRequests` classes moved to core component, and are now public.
```

> * Methods `GetCatalogMetadataVersion` in `CatalogClient` are deprecated, `GetLatestVersion` should be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Method `GetCatalogMetadataVersion` in `CatalogClient` is deprecated, `GetLatestVersion` should be used instead.
```

> * Deprecated methods were removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All deprecated methods marked in v0.8.0 are now removed.
```

> * A new parameter version was added to `PrefetchTileRequest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new optional parameter for catalog version added to `PrefetchTileRequest` to be used by `VersionedLayerClient::PrefetchTiles()`. If not provided the latest catalog version will be queried from OLP instead.
```

Reviewer 2: If not provided, the latest catalog version is queried from OLP instead.

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-write**

> * Added missing `DATASERVICE_WRITE_API` for various classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Missing `DATASERVICE_WRITE_API` added to various classes.
```
